# Click Therapy
 
Click Therapy is a p5.js sketch that I'm attempting to use to draw attention towards the cycle of use that is perpetuated by engagement on social media platforms as highlighted in my second synthesis paper. In the paper, I spoke about how the infrastructure of social media sites is designed to quantify aspects of social interactions via such metrics as likes, follows, or views, which can generate affect that reflects personally upon you, the user. In Click Therapy, this is modeled by the arbitrary quantification of serotonin, a neurotransmitter most commonly associated with happiness. I chose serotonin specifically because in the paper, I also talked about the way that identity can be shaped online via social media interactions, which can affect overall mental wellbeing. Your serotonin 'level' changes as you continue to click through the sketch, reflecting the way that affect produced by participating in social media can constantly change as you continue to participate. In my paper and in the curation portion of my research, I talked about projects and readings that touched on how the social media business model is built around and relies heavily on user participation. In my sketch I tried to reflect this idea by including ‘ads’ that start popping up as you click more and more to chase a higher serotonin ‘level’ - your participation allows the growth of the platform as a company as they are able to gather more information about you and grant space to advertisers. By the time the serotonin level bar changes from red to green, your screen is inundated with ‘ads’ and button interactives. Just like one of the pieces I included in my curation (American Artist’s *A Refusal*), I was trying to ask the question: Who is really gaining from this labor?

Code is public, github pages link is here: https://lillylin998.github.io/clicktherapy/